SAUL:
Previously on Homeland:
Do I know you?
No, but I knew
your friend.
Who's that?
Sandy Bachman.
TASNEEM: Once you've done
all I've asked,
you can leave Islamabad.
SAUL:
So what's the plan to find him?
CARRIE:
I'm working on the nephew now.
Getting him to admit
Haqqani's actually alive.
He'd have to know he was risking
his life by telling you.
So, this is where
you'll stay.
I thought... I thought
we were going to London.
You're safe here.
REDMOND:
Farhad Ghazi.
He's Pakistani
Intelligence.
Don't say I never
did anything for you.
SAUL:
I'm at the airport.
I'm looking at Farhad Ghazi
as we speak.
GHAZI:
It's done.
Good.
Can I touch you again?
QUINN:
Why don't you tell me
just what it is you're
doing in there.
I'm recruiting someone.
Really?
'Cause to me it looks
like you're fucking a child.
What is it to you anyway?
Nothing.
I have to tell
you something.
He is alive.
My uncle.
He's the only family
I have left.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
MARTHA: It's Alice
in fucking Wonderland.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
CARRIE:
Where are you?
QUINN:
I'm at a safe distance.
...clipped an artery.
(Carrie screams)
Hold on.
SAUL:
I know a way.
(speaking Arabic)
ANDREA MITCHELL:
First, the U.S. found
and killed
Osama bin Laden outside...
(crowd clamoring)
CARRIE:
You will die over there!
HILLARY CLINTON: You can't
keep snakes in your backyard
and expect them
only to bite your neighbors.
JOHN KERRY: There are things
that the Pakistanis have done,
as complicated as
the relationship has been.
(indistinct military
radio chatter)
SAUL:
I'm so sorry.
BRODY:
I have to say good-bye now.
CARRIE:
Just for a few more seconds.
Who are you?
Who's asking?
Your name?
Badar Jalali.
From?
Rawalpindi.
Your father?
Arman, a civil engineer
with the city.
Your mother?
Benazir.
You couldn't find a
less inflammatory name?
Focus.
I am.
On this.
You're a medical student?
Yes, at King's
College London.
Why leave your own country
to go to school in England?
What's wrong
with Pakistan?
There is nothing
wrong with Pakistan.
There's just a thoracic
surgeon at King's College,
Chandler Brown,
and I'm hoping to
study with him.
Is that true?
About the surgeon?
Well, he invented transcatheter
valve replacement, so...
Good answer, then.
I'm quite resourceful.
You may not
have noticed.
I noticed.
(chuckles)
Open it.
This is...
a thousand pounds.
Not just.
Passport.
Yours.
We leave tonight.
Every day here is just another
chance for you to get caught.
Or something
to go wrong.
You're ready.
You'll do fine.
I have a few things I need
to finish here
before we head out.
Yeah, so do I. I have
my stuff at the college.
Just leave it.
It's all I have left.
I can get in and out.
I've done it before.
No unnecessary risks.
Promise me.
We're almost there.
Good, you're here.
I'm not the one
who's never around.
Don't start, okay?
I've got something that may
require logistical support.
I'll need a small team--
three or four people,
absolutely discreet.
For what?
It involves Haqqani's nephew.
So, I'm guessing
clothing is optional.
What is your fucking problem?
My problem?
My problem is that
a surveillance operation
crashed and burned because
you were nowhere to be found.
Really? I seem to recall
you showing up on my doorstep.
Fine.
Whatever you say, Carrie.
You're the boss.
You know what? Forget it.
I'm gonna go find
somebody actually willing
to do their job.
You got a second?
(sighs)
Where are you going?
I'm leaving.
I can see that.
Where?
London.
London?
Moving there.
For good?
How-how will you
move to London?
Where will you stay?
With a friend.
A friend.
A journalist is helping me.
I thought it was a journalist
making your life difficult.
Not this one.
You can't tell anyone.
Really, if anyone
finds out...
So, you were just
going to leave
without even
saying good-bye?
That's not fair.
How is it not fair?
Were you?
So, what am I supposed to do,
go to your house,
knock on your door?
The whole reason I'm
in this situation is
because of your father.
He made life
impossible here.
He got me kicked out.
At least in London,
I can still be a doctor.
I just, I have to go.
Take me with you.
I-I can't.
Take me with you...
No!
I have to go alone.
You mean with the journalist
who is helping you.
Who you'll be staying with.
You don't understand.
She saved me.
She?
When did this happen?
When did you meet her?
How did you meet her?
It doesn't matter.
I just did.
Do you love her?
She arranged for me
to go to college in London.
Do you?
I've only known her
a short while.
I have to go, Kiran.
Good-bye.
♪ ♪
Mr. Quinn, I was hoping
you could help, sir.
I wanted to give this to
Redmond; nowhere to be found.
He was here. I can get it to him
when he comes back.
Hmm.
If you want.
I should probably leave a note.
Redmond had to
bail me out
the other night.
Hence the apology.
Apparently,
I was up in arms about crazy-ass
ball-breaking women.
My wife, obviously.
Your boss, Carrie Mathison.
Her name came up.
A conversation you
and I have had before.
Well, I've had before.
You really just nod your head
and try to ease me
off my barstool.
You about done there?
Oh, yeah, quite sorry.
Didn't mean to offend.
Again.
So, is she?
Is who what?
Mathison-- a crazy-ass
ball-breaker.
I heard rumors that
she's on her own planet.
Not, like, lovable eccentric;
I mean hard-core chemical.
(laughing)
Him, too. Redmond
gave me that exact
same empty stare
when I asked him.
You spooks stick
together, huh?
Why don't you finish
your note, Dennis?
HENSLEIGH:
Peter?
You asked to be
informed when
Farhad Ghazi landed
in Johannesburg?
Did that happen?
Not quite.
Plane arrived. He wasn't on it.
You sure?
We had a team
of four there waiting.
Did Berenson actually see him
get on the plane?
Yeah, that was my impression.
Saul's en route to D.C.
Get him for me
when he touches down.
He needs to know this before
he briefs the director. Fuck.
Oh. Uh, note's all
taken care of. Thanks.
♪ ♪
So, who was it
that saw you?
I don't know.
But he definitely
followed you?
I said I lost him.
You're sure?
Yes.
I don't think you know
how serious this is.
Not for me. For you.
I'm a foreigner.
There are limits
on what they can do to me.
But you're a national.
If that was
the ISI that you saw,
the same people
who roughed you up before,
and they somehow know
what we've got going on,
this time,
there are no limits.
You will end up
at the bottom of a hole.
Or worse.
(sighs heavily)
We've got to push back
our departure.
No.
Just until
things cool off.
They won't.
What do you mean?
What else happened?
When I was
back in my room,
Kiran showed up.
What, your friend
from school?
More than friend. She was.
Did you tell her
that you're leaving?
I didn't have to.
She could just...
see.
Did you say where you're going?
That's why I think
we need to leave now.
(sighs)
I've got someone
at security in the airport.
They can give me a heads-up
if you're on the watch list,
but if you are, then what?
I don't know.
There's no safe way
to get you out of here.
My uncle.
If there's a problem,
he can get me across the border
through Afghanistan.
And deliver you to England?
To the infidels. (scoffs)
Do you think he'll do that?
Listen, everything's not
simple like you say, okay?
He paid for my college.
He wants a life for me.
He would help.
Okay?
Are you still angry at me?
I'm not angry. I just...
I shouldn't have let
my guard down.
(clinking)
Shh.
(doorknob rattling)
Go! Go!
(grunting)
Go!
(grunts)
♪ ♪
(tires squealing)
(tires screech)
(grunting)
(Carrie sighs)
Was this really necessary?
MAN:
You said you wanted it
to look convincing.
Convincing, not broken.
So, what's next?
Back to the embassy.
I meant for the kid.
We cross our fingers,
see where he goes.
Good, you made it.
What happened
to your nose?
He punched me.
Hold on a second.
Hey. We ready?
Yeah, everybody's
at station.
How'd it go on
your side?
He's on the move.
This is Fara.
John Redmond.
Hi.
And Max. He put the
tracker in place.
Well done. You want
to come with me?
No.
CARRIE:
Max.
Yeah. Sure.
Hey, I need you
to do something for me.
What do you mean by tracking?
What's going on?
Aayan's passport
has a signaling antenna.
We're following him
to the border.
You mean to his uncle.
Well, that's the hope.
Why? Do you have some kind
of problem with that?
'Cause he's right at the
top of our kill list.
The uncle is, not the boy.
Well, we're
targeting the uncle.
With a 50-pound warhead?
I wouldn't want
to be standing nearby.
Do you know what I'd like
to hear from you for once?
I'd like to hear you ask
how you can help our effort,
our collective fucking effort,
to make our country safe.
Do you think
you could manage that?
All I asked was what's
happening with Aayan.
No. You said "the boy,"
like he's some kindergartner
instead of a grown adult
who's been smuggling drugs
to jihadists.
Do you know
what else, actually,
since we're on the subject?
If you or Quinn,
or you and Quinn,
have got problems with this,
with what I've done
with "the boy,"
none of it
would have been necessary
if you had just done your job.
You were supposed
to recruit him.
I had to go in
after you fucked that up.
And so now, if it doesn't offend
your sense of right and wrong,
this is what I'd like you to do.
I'll like you
to go the safe house,
bag anything that points
to him or us and remove it,
in case somebody noticed
there was an incident there
this morning
and goes poking around.
Do you think
you could do that?
You think
you could work a Hefty bag
in the service of our country
so this whole operation
doesn't go bust?
There wouldn't be an operation
if it weren't for me.
I followed Aayan,
I found out Haqqani's alive,
so don't treat me
like I'm the enemy.
There's a car waiting for you
out front.
Text me
when you're done.
So, how we doing?
We have a signal.
UAV is arriving overhead.
Well, what's the problem?
Why are we dark?
No problem.
We're just waiting
on you.
Lights up, please.
Reaper on video two.
That's the bus station
at Rawalpindi.
Where is he?
Max?
REDMOND:
He's boarding at gate three.
MAN:
Gate three is
the 1:00 to Karachi.
It's the wrong direction.
It's the wrong
fucking direction.
(speaking Urdu)
Okay, hold on.
Gate four?
Gate four is... Bannu.
His uncle has a training camp
near there. In Gosa.
He's on his way.
REDMOND:
He's got a six-hour bus ride
ahead of him.
Why don't you get some rest?
No, I'm fine.
There's a couch
in the next room.
I'll get you
if anything happens.
(sighs)
(bags rustling)
(men speaking Urdu)
Quickly! Quickly!
Take all of your stuff!
I said everything off. All
of your bags!
I don't have any.
Move
(man speaking Urdu)
Carrie.
Wake up.
What?
You need to get up.
Is he already there?
No.
But something's happened.
(man speaking Urdu)
Fuck.
They're checking papers.
MAN: Passport.
(man speaking Urdu)
(quietly):
Badar Jalali. Badar Jalali.
(speaking Urdu)
Carrie.
Wait a minute.
We don't have a minute.
It's going south.
It's not.
No way he's prepped for this.
I know. But...
I know him.
He's resourceful.
You have a student Visa.
Yes.
For England.
So what are you doing here?
What do you mean?
Who are you anyway?
Badar Jalali
No you're not.
(speaking Urdu)
(shouting in Urdu)
Fuck.
Wait.
Carrie...
Just wait.
Tell me the truth.
This is all I have.
Happy holidays!!
♪ ♪
(alarm beeping)
(beeping stops)
Oh, good.
You're still here.
Any luck?
Well, we still
haven't found Ghazi,
if that's what you mean.
We're reviewing passenger
manifests for other flights
he might have taken
but, so far, nothing.
Well, keep looking.
Yeah, we will, but...
something else
has come up.
I tried to contact Saul when he
landed in D.C., like you said,
but he never got there.
What do you mean?
He's not at Langley.
Check with his company's
London office.
Maybe he laid over.
Already checked. He didn't.
Try his wife in New York.
I did. Left a
message, anyway.
It's lunchtime there.
She's probably out.
Carrie may have
a better number. Ask her.
She's not available
at the moment.
Well,
to me, anyway.
She's got something
going on in Ops One.
No one's saying what.
Very need-to-know.
But I'm sure she'd be happy
to talk to you.
Give Langley a call.
Ask them to track the wife.
Mira.
You sure?
(elevator bell dings)
Yeah.
And keep trying Saul.
He's got to be somewhere.
Let me know
when they get back to you.
I think
we're getting there.
Last stop.
What is that?
Can we get closer?
It's a pay phone. Max?
I'm on it.
Come on. We need this.
I said I'm on it.
(line ringing)
(speaking Urdu)
He's talking to someone.
There's nothing
on Telecard.
Try TF.
This won't go
on forever.
I know. I...
We need to
hear this.
(conversation in Urdu
plays over speaker)
What's the number?
I'll get it from the log.
It's Haqqani.
What did they say?
They're meeting.
Where?
Where they went
when he was a boy.
(phone ringing)
Yeah.
AAYAN (over speaker):
Hey, it's me.
Are you there?
Yeah, yeah. I'm here.
I'm here.
I was so afraid
I wouldn't hear from you again.
No, I'm-I'm okay. I got away.
Good.
Can you talk?
Well, I don't know
who might be listening.
But you're okay.
Well, they gave me 24 hours
to leave the country, but...
yeah.
Listen...
I had a long ride.
I had a lot of time
to think, and...
well...
...all I thought about was you.
You know, you...
you saved me.
Not once; many times.
And...
I just...
I need you to know that...
I love you.
And I can't wait
to see you again.
I love you, too.
♪ ♪
(door opens)
Delivery came for you
from your protégé.
Fara?
Yeah. Looks like garbage bags
filled with trash.
Uh, leave it in my office.
I'll deal with it later.
So what do you think?
About what exactly?
You heard me talking to him.
Everyone did.
What do you think?
I think you don't care
what anyone thinks.
Say I do.
When you came back from D.C.,
we all thought Haqqani was dead.
We were ready
to let him rest in peace
while he prepared to do
God knows what.
Now we're about to get him
for real.
You made that happen.
I guess that's
what I think.
Mostly, anyway.
(praying softly)
(continues prayer)
(sighs)
(sniffles)
♪ ♪
Ooh!
It's kind of early
for you, isn't it?
I'm turning over
a new leaf.
Up and at 'em.
(speaks Urdu)
(sighs)
You said you found something.
Several things, yeah.
I used the key you gave me
to get into Carrie
Mathison's apartment.
Clozapine?
Clozapine,
Clonazepam, Nortriptyline,
Lithium. Her place
is a fucking pharmacy.
I'd say that the new station
chief is at least bipolar,
possibly beyond that.
You didn't know, did you?
Despite trying
to make me believe
that you've got the
whole place wired--
that no one breathes
without your knowing--
because you know what else
you don't know, I'm guessing?
That.
What?
That building,
the yellow one.
It's a CIA safe house
set up by the same
nutburger station chief.
How do you know?
I followed her
sidekick here.
There was a big cleanup
yesterday,
like the end of an operation.
I found these.
This is the guy who shot
the wedding video.
Aayan Ibrahim.
Maybe not anymore.
Badar Jalali, 19.
Someone's traveling.
There were whole bags
of this shit there.
They've taken
a major interest in him.
You have a real
gift for this.
I guess everyone's
good at something.
I need to take these
to some people right away.
I'm sorry I can't stay.
(speaks Urdu)
These guys--
who are they?
Sweep east, let's get
a better look.
Okay, grab that, there.
And there.
The one in the middle
looks like Azir Makdeshi.
Okay, and check
that guy, too.
Bashir Keshan.
He's been
one of Haqqani's
guys for years.
Do we recognize
those vehicles?
♪ ♪
What are they doing?
Looks like nothing.
They're waiting.
Haqqani might be coming here.
This may be it.
What's our protocol?
If we engage,
I don't see any way
to protect our asset.
These men are confirmed
associates of Haissam Haqqani.
If the target appears,
we will take him out.
Alan Hensleigh-- you seen him?
No.
Anybody seen Hensleigh?
No, haven't seen him.
Hey, what does this mean--
"Saul never got on the plane"?
Just what it says.
I couldn't find him.
Langley couldn't find him,
either. So I checked.
He never boarded his flight,
and they removed his luggage.
So he's still here.
I guess.
When'd you find out?
Just now.
Couple hours ago.
You should have told me
the second you knew.
Wider, please.
What are they
looking at?
(vehicle approaching)
REDMOND:
Is that him?
Is that Haqqani?
We need a positive I.D.
Continue to sweep
south-southeast.
You shouldn't have
come here.
I'm sorry. If there was another
way I wouldn't have come.
Carrie.
Hold on.
We're right in the middle
of it here.
Saul's missing.
He never got on his plane.
REDMOND:
We're getting an image here.
Zoom in.
That's him
right there.
SPOTTER: Marking target.
Islamabad station, we are
eyes on three vehicles.
HVT is in sight confirmed,
Haissam Haqqani.
Lock target.
Time to go to war.
SPOTTER:
We're locking coords.
Arm.
Arming.
What the fuck?
Do you know who this is?
Saul.
This was the Director
of the CIA.
The head of the snake that
bombs us.
Your friend who sent
you here...
What friend?
No one sent me.
Shh.
She's his friend, his
child practically.
What did she say?
She would help you?
There's a drone overhead
right now sent to kill me.
You've put me in a
terrible place.
♪ ♪
You saved my life, with
you medicines.
Don't think I'm not
grateful.
(gasps)
Holy fuck.
(engines start)
Take the shot.
Carrie.
We're losing our window.
It's Saul.
Reaper One, weapons away.
That is the ex-director
of the CIA-- do not shoot.
Goddamn it,
what did I say?
Miss Mathison.
Take the shot,
goddamn it.
Wipe that fucker out!
Are you out of your mind?
That is Saul down there.
Saul.
Weapons tight.
We're standing down.
SPOTTER:
Which one should I follow?
Sir?
(breathing heavily)
(yells)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH